[MTM-61989] Adapt docu for customized log configuration file handling (#2697)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/microservice-sdk/java-bundle/developing-microservice.md

### Logging {#logging}

> The standard output should be used for hosted deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The standard output should be used for hosted deployments.
```

> (For more details about how to use your own log configuration file please refer to [Logging](/microservice-sdk/java/#legacy-logging))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details on how to use your own log configuration file refer to [Logging](/microservice-sdk/java/#legacy-logging).
```

* {CONF_DIR}/{application_name}
* /etc/{application_name}

#### Logging {#legacy-logging}

##### Add your own log configuration file

* To customize the logging configuration for your microservice instead of using the default configuration, create a log
configuration file in the _configuration_ folder of your microservice project.

> * The file must adhere to the naming convention \<application-name\>-logging.xml. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The file must adhere to the naming convention *\<application-name\>-logging.xml*. 
```

This ensures that your custom log configuration replaces the default configuration file 
with the same name in the resulting Docker image.

> * Once deployed, the customized log configuration file will be located in the /etc/\<application_name\> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Once deployed, the customized log configuration file will be located in the */etc/\<application_name\>*
```

directory within the microservice pod.

##### Locations to be searched for log configuration file

> For external/legacy deployment, logging into the application implies using [Spring Logging](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/current/reference/html/howto-logging.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For external/legacy deployments, logging into the application implies using [Spring Logging](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/current/reference/html/howto-logging.html).
```

> The following locations are searched for the Logback configuration file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following locations are searched for the logback configuration file:
```

> * Once deployed, the customized log configuration file will be located in the /etc/\<artifactId\> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Once deployed, the customized log configuration file will be located in the */etc/\<artifactId\>*
```
